I think we were right to wait and see
how tariffs and inflation and and the
labor market evolved. There wasn't
widespread support at all for for a 50
basis point cut today. I think you could
think of this in a way as a
riskmanagement cut.
Feder Jay Powell there speaking after a
widely expected quarter rate cut there
while definitely hopes a bigger
reduction. We're just half an hour away
from the open in Hong Kong, Shenzhen and
Shanghai. You're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon man with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. US futures equities
across the region mostly on the up. The
dollar is bouncing back after the Fed
decision. Powell, as we just heard
there, of course, keeping policy makers
largely united despite President Trump's
pressure for a larger cut.
>> Indonesia central bank meanwhile backing
President Pau's growth push after
widespread protests and delivering a
surprise rate cut. And China making this
fresh move to wean itself off Nvidia
hardware, telling companies to stop
buying a chip that can be used for AI.
[Music]
Welcome to the show and good morning.
the the emerging narrative and I have to
hedge this because we're just a few year
few hours divorced from the Fed decision
is that you wouldn't know have known it
was there was a Fed decision of course
like looking at how uneventful pricing
was with the exception I guess at the
wobble in the in the US dollar uh speaks
to really how well telegraphed this move
was and again equity markets seem to be
continuing what they were doing a day
ago two days ago three days ago with the
exception I guess of a pullback across
parts of the equity market. In fact,
when you flip the boards, please, and
have a look at the dollar, we'll get to
the China story in a moment. There you
look at what happened overnight likes of
Bidu, it again, it didn't seem like
there was a Fed decision to contend with
as far as the Chinese equity complex uh
is concerned. Now, when you look at the
dollar itself, not as clean a read as
one would expect because you do have, of
course, this aberration coming through
in in in the form of a very weak Kiwi
dollar. In fact, you look at this. You
look at the Aussie Kiwi cross. You look
at this drop in the two-year yields with
this 50 basis point cut now expected.
Change the page, please out of the RBNZ.
Westpack coming out with an updated
forecast. And that just because the GDP
print there just missed completely
everything. All the estimates twos and
tens. The curves on your screens
slightly flatter on your screens. Now,
are we then moving into this phase, I
guess, is a key question here. After
weeks of steepening week and a half ago,
of course, this move towards the flatter
side of things. Does this continue
moving forwards and do we even talk
about 4% at this point or do we need to
wait for more data points ahead? Right.
Very quickly as promised uh the golden
dragon index uh bu Alibaba and NEO
trip.com my mistake uh on your screens
right now uh we'll be speaking with Jane
Sun later on of course here on Bloomer
television and certainly the story there
is well the company was was summoned uh
by Jung Joe officials. We'll talk more
about this in terms of pricing there.
Golden Dragon index momentum coming
through and continuing going into the
open today with futures and of course
we're looking at one specific level,
excuse me, on dollar onshore which is
right at about this level which was the
low we hit back in November of last
year. Below that we're back to levels in
October of 2024. We'll talk more about
that in a moment. And of course almost
like clockwork, Fed cuts, HKMA has also
cut their interest rate. Ivon.
>> Yeah, certainly not a surprise there,
but certainly we'll see what this rally
brings here today. He mentions some of
these ADRs. Uh certainly does suggest
that we could see continuously this tech
rally. Uh and we're talking about a
little bit more the valuations right
between HStech and NASDAQ actually
getting a little bit closer there as
well. Stocks as we talked about trip.com
given what we've been hearing there. BU
certainly is the standout from yesterday
as well. We'll see we see another day of
this as well. Chips, Hong Kong property,
of course, we got that policy agenda.
There was talk about the northern
metropolis the like there not much when
it comes to property connect though uh
and China Australia talks to tell you
about as well watching 710 for dollar
China looks like you know given what we
saw with the Fed and the like maybe that
sort of level is not too far off now and
that China defense forum which we are
starting to hear some lines here right
now from the defense minister Dong Jun
uh is speaking at the Shang Shang forum
and and saying basically uh as they kick
off the event there that China we do not
intend to overturn the existing order.
This is of course a three-day event
there. There's going to be a lot of sort
of high-profile diplomacy these next
weeks and really what we've been seeing
from China, right? Whether it was the
SEO, the military parade just a few
weeks ago as well. So, I think there's
more hundred more than 100 defense
officials that are at this event this
morning. Uh but so that's what we're
seeing live pictures there in Beijing
right now. Let's talk a little bit more
about what's what's going on. It really
is that that you heard from the Fed,
right? You know, it's a riskmanagement
move, right? It's interesting how the
market reacted. As you mentioned, it's
almost like nothing happened. But it was
a cut and we initially saw a bit of a
doubbish reaction. Yeah. But as soon as
you started speaking about, you know,
>> it it's a riskmanagement
>> aka I guess you say insurance cut in
some ways and and we're back to almost
being very data dependent now moving
forward from the Fed. So maybe the path
forward in this easing cycle still not
that clear.
>> Yeah. The path is slower, but the timing
is not as straightforward.
>> Yeah. Um and you know it it also didn't
mean we actually didn't get the the you
know the dissenting votes coming
through. Yes. Solidaridity out of the
other two with the exception of course
of Mr. Myron. And I get that then speaks
into I guess the inability to form a
consensus even with of course the white
house's preferred monetary policy
members uh as far as that's concerned.
The other thing though that while and
fine while we did not get that policy uh
that that that sort of dissenting split
just the whole range of policy views on
where the economy will be
>> in effect is also a dissenting vote
right so it's very very difficult to
then formulate a strategy at this point
in time to Powell's point right it's
hard to gauge what to do next and I
think you can use that as far as the uh
the market goes uh the other thing we
want to talk about Suz apart from the
Fed we'll go to that later on as well is
on the Nvidia story which we did close
lower on the shares of Nvidia and it
does seem this might actually add a
further uh push to this AI story in
China.
>> It it adds the whole self-sufficiency
sort of theme, right? That we we've
reached that inflection point. First it
was just rhetoric of government, you
know, trying to urge the industry to
kind of catch up. I think now we're
starting to see signs of that catchup is
now underway.
>> Yeah.
>> And that AI monetization is actually
happening right now. So I I think when
the likes of Capricorn, some of these
chip players, you know, probably will
bode well here today. We'll see on this
Nvidia news. Uh but certainly there's
going to be a lot of talk about where
where to next on the whole China Tech
rally too.
>> I'm actually looking so that's why I'm
ruffling through my my notes here.
>> Pile of notes.
>> I promise I'm not ignoring you. U the on
that story, right? So yesterday the
Alibaba story around its big client
China Unicom is another did go fly under
the radar quite a bit but it underscores
the self-sufficiency push
>> that's really led to now we're starting
to see this rerating in the markets yes
around AI right so we're actually
getting tangible examples of how that's
actually playing out but anyway of
course that's just to say of course
we're looking at tech AI rally and this
buy rally of course it's taking place
will be one of the stocks we'll be
tracking going into the open
>> and muan as well we have Ellie John
joining us to talk about that they still
have the lowest price target on the
street when it comes.
>> Yeah. All right. Let's talk a bit more
about the Fed.
>> Chair J. Paul there pointed a signs of
weakness to the labor market to explain
why officials decided it was time to cut
rates.
>> In support of our goals and in light of
the shift in the balance of risks, today
the Federal Open Market Committee
decided to lower our policy interest
rate by a quarter percentage point. The
labor market was in very solid condition
with strong job creation and all those
things. I think if you start go back to
April and now look at the revised job
creation numbers for for May, June, July
and August, you can kind of I can no
longer say that we did welcome a new
committee member today as we always do
and the committee remains united in
pursuing our mand our dual mandate
goals. I think you can think of this in
a way as a riskmanagement cut. Inflation
we continue to expect it to move up
maybe not as high as we would have
expected it to move up a few months ago.
um the the pass through into of of the
tariffs into inflation has been slower
and smaller.
>> Joining us now is Jack McIntyre,
portfolio manager at Brandy Wine Global.
Jack, good morning from the Asia
Pacific. You guys have done extremely
well. So, congratulations on that. What
I want to figure out now is what I do
with everything that Jay Powell said
there. We throw it into a blender. What
comes out and what stood out to me maybe
he didn't mention it is perhaps the
concept of stagflation.
um how are you looking at where we go
from here as far as rates go now?
>> So David, you know, I think it was a
very appropriate sort of FOMC uh
messaging all around. You know, I I wish
the only thing I wish you probably would
have fleshed out that risk management
concept a little bit because if you
think about it, you know, we know
monetary policy works with a lag, but
then you know, everything around the
labor market works with a lag, too. So,
you know, if you're if you're all
cautious about the labor market, and
clearly they are. it was very much
peppered uh weakness in the labor market
or softening. So they they needed to do
something and and real policy rates are
are real restrict restrictive. Having
said that though coming out of the
meeting, it's not like I really want to
make big structural changes to our
portfolios. It's a kind of a a wait and
see and you're absolutely right in the
sense that we are now all including the
Fed back to being data dependent. We've
got to see that direction of you know
what's more important for overall
financial markets. Is it the
inflationary aspect or is it the the
slowing labor market? I lean towards the
slowing labor market. Uh but yeah, we're
we're not making uh major changes or or
probably really minor changes based on
this Fed meeting.
>> The focus on the labor market, do you
think that was doubbish enough and and
match what market expectations are? I
feel like there's still a bit of a gap
there, Jack. Do you think that that
terminal rate essentially has to be
repriced higher now?
Uh it needs to be it does need to be
repriced a little bit higher. Um but
we've got to kind of sort of wait and
see. We've got a long time till we we
get that. I think it's also just more of
the the timing of the path on how we get
to that that terminal rate. But you know
again it's why I don't want to be overly
dovish on here because you know we do we
are in a stagflationary world. But
having said that if the labor market
does weaken and again I'm not looking
for a recession. I think it's just going
to be this sort of slow steady decline.
I'm actually going to be fascinating uh
in the US Thursday morning to see the
initial jobless claims. Last week we saw
a little uptick. I think it can be
explained away by developments in Texas.
But if it's not, then that's a sign of
hey, the demand side is starting to
weaken because right now, you know,
we're focused more on the sort of the
the labor uh the supply of labor being a
more of a drag. But if it ultimately
flows through to the demand side
weakening, then um yeah, you're going to
see even lower lower rates um across the
curve.
>> Is that it? Okay. So, have have yields
on the long end peaked, Jack? In other
words, do do we get a flatter curve from
here?
>> Well, you know, I to get a flatter
curve, we have we have to see a little
bit more reach for for duration. Um you
know, we we've been actually nibbling a
little bit more on the longerdated
maturities. you know, it's very much the
30-year is a very much unloved part of
the curve. I I get it. Uh because of,
you know, the fact that, hey, there
there's a risk and again, I got to look
at both sides a year ago. Uh we got
similar message from PAL and yet, you
know, they they cut into an economy that
actually was still doing well. So, uh
that was not a great environment in Q4
for Treasury. So, I'm not pounding the
table saying that this is the move that
gets 10ear Treasury yields immediately
down to to 3 and 1/2, but I think we're
we're probably fleshing out a new range
for next year. Maybe it's that three and
a half on the floor and four and a half
on on the upside. Remember, you know,
I'd be more confident in really loading
up on more duration on weakness because
we know the administration wants lower
longend rates. uh they they kind of
reminded that you know the Fed's third
sort of mandate is sort of stable rates
in the long end of the curve. Uh and we
know Scott Pent really wants that and
it's part of their overall plan. So um
you know you're going to see some more
creative things unfold if we get a back
up in 10ear yields. Having said that
we're not positioned that's not our base
case but we'd be more inclined to be
thinking about adding duration in that
scenario.
>> Yeah. Can you tell us more? I I'm still
trying to wrap my head around this third
mandate of of moderate long-term
interest rates.
>> Jack, is that essentially yield curve
control?
>> I think it actually does speak to yield
curve control that the Fed is not going
to lead with that uh that sort of
concept. Um you know, again, it's not uh
there's precedent. you know, the whole
idea of of QE and now QT, you know, the
Fed does have other tools to influence
the shape of the yield curve, you know,
because part of this, I uh and again,
we've got to be careful, but in a world
where we have this much debt and yields
move higher, you know, how do we go
about funding all of that debt? You
know, it's a slippery slope. So, we've
got to think outside the box. Uh, you
know, again, I'm not, this is not base
case, but I'm just saying you've got to
be open to the idea that, hey, it could
be down the road that they have to do
yield curve control uh to to sort of be
able to kind of sort of finance that uh
huge amount of debt that we've been
spending for the decades.
>> Jack, let's let's look at Q4 um
underweight dollar. Does that continue
to um bring bear fruit?
I think it does, David. I think that's
that, you know, it's a higher conviction
trade. Uh, you know, bonds have actually
been in a range uh now for several
years, but I think uh uh and we've done,
you know, terms of our performance,
we've had a bigger positive influence on
being underweight the US dollar this
year. And I think that I think this is a
multi-year sort of development. I think
it's um it's a relative growth dynamic.
You know, you think about uh what got us
to part of that American exceptionalism
is that hey, our government spent a lot
more money than than others. Uh now
there's maybe a little bit of a day of
reckoning. The tariff revenue, which is
a tax on consumption, I think it's it's
a good thing, but remember it's a fiscal
drag. So that's going to at the margins
slow down uh the economy. You've already
started to see it for nonacidoning
consumers uh in the US. And I do think
migration uh is a net drag on economic
activity as well. So other parts of the
world are actually embracing a little
bit more fiscal stimulus. Uh they're
embracing less regulation. So I think
yeah we are starting to see um what I
could be a a five-year back end of this
this decade sort of shift in relative
growth where some version at the margins
of American exceptionalism diminishes.
We know uh non- US investors, foreign
investors are loaded to the gills with
US assets. I think we're going to start
to see a little bit of a shift in that
again at the margins and that's what
influences price in this case the price
of the dollar.
>> Yeah, you've
been kind of saying you're you're in and
out of local currency EM bonds
>> right now. Some of the high yielders
right there. What's the positioning
around that now?
>> So you we still like LATAM. We're still
long uh Mexican and bonos Mexican bonds,
Brazilian bonds. U we like the fact
those real yields uh are still high. So
inflation adjusted yields are high. You
know what's interesting, Ivon, is that
>> you know and you see what's going on in
France uh and elsewhere. There's just
too much debt at the federal government
level. You know, EM has gotten their out
and again I'm I'm being generic. A lot
of countries have gotten their house in
order. you go back to the taper tantrum
in 2013 and we saw this sort of shift
towards, you know, away from current
account deficits to current account
surpluses. So again, it's just longer
term, bigger picture. It might be time
for EM assets to kind of to do better.
But again, I got to hedge myself. EM is
not homogeneous. You've got to be
country specific.
>> Yeah. Yeah. All right, Jack. Always
great to have you. Jack McIntyre there,
portfolio manager at Brandy Wine Global.
Coming up, China's setup told domestic
companies to stop buying an Nvidia chip.
We have the details coming up and we're
counting on the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This
is the China Show.
[Music]
All right, we're talking the chips here
right now. Obviously on the back of that
Fed rate cut and then of course uh this
Nvidia story and our sources also saying
that China is telling companies to stop
buying Nvidia chips with AI uses. So you
are seeing the likes of SKH surging
again some 5% in in South Korea and
we'll talk a little bit more about that
right how they're widening this
clampdown on Nvidia in China instructing
domestic companies to haul orders for a
particular workstation chip that can be
repurposed for AI uses. for the latest.
Let's get to our chief Malaysia
correspondent uh here. Uh Stephen, you
know, it's interesting. We're not
talking about H20 at all.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is actually a higher processing AI
accelerator to this RTX uh Pro 6000D. Uh
they need to get a smaller name for
that, but that's the one we're talking
about. You're absolutely right. It's
used mostly for workstations and
lowerend HI AI uses, but it can be
repurposed. uh and it has been
repurposed in China. So what we're
hearing from sources is that the cyber
space administration is essentially
informing and instructing Chinese firms
to stop testing uh those RTX uh uh pro
6000D as well as cancel existing orders.
Now there's a number of ways to read
into this. Obviously there have been a
number of moves including from Ministry
of Commerce uh for investigations into
America's um restrictions of export of
advanced AI chips that was launched in
the last few days as well as that's an
anti-discrimination probe as well as an
anti-dumping probe against US-made IC
chips analog IC chips. So, there's been
a number of moves as well as a ruling I
hear on Nvidia essentially uh comes as
this anti- monopoly uh uh laws basically
reprimanding about this $7 billion deal
back in 2020 that Nvidia made uh into
Melanox technology. So, there's been a
number of steps uh that China has taken.
Now, is this because they have
overconfidence and confidence in the
domestic industry for AI chips? We had
that story as well late yesterday with
Alibaba saying it secured a large-scale
customer in China, Uniccom, for its tea
head AI accelerator. Maybe they're
seeing the domestic industry filling
that gap of the lower-end AI chips that
they were buying from Nvidia or this is
bargaining chips
>> ahead in mid uh talks between US and
China.
>> Yeah. How likelihood is that for this to
future because there is that phone call
still.
>> Yeah. That's coming up on Friday. I
think everyone's trying to get some
leverage ahead of any kind of uh meeting
that could be planned for Donald Trump
and Xiinping and who's going to have the
deliverables. Uh obviously Tik Tok's in
the mix right now. The chip industry is
in the mix right now. Uh the the rare
earth and magnets is all in play as
well. So I would not discount that. Now,
is China by doing this with the RTX Pro
6000D limiting that? Are they putting
themselves at a technological
disadvantage? Well, Bloomberg
Intelligence put out its analysis. They
said this is more of a political signal
than a technical sacrifice on part of
China. So, it's it's leverage. It's a
bargaining chip. Now, we did a number of
reporters did catch up with Jensen Hong,
who's on that trade mission to the UK
with Donald Trump. Uh he was asked about
this and we do have a quote. We can
bring it up. He says, "I'm disappointed
in what I see, but they," meaning China,
have larger agendas to work out between
China and the United States. We can only
be in service of a market if the country
wants us to be there. So,
we'll have to see how this one plays
out, but it could be all uh resolved by
a phone call and then a meeting or maybe
this is a longerterm trend in China's
belief that its domestic industry has
made significant ground.
>> Steve, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Stephen Angler, chief North Asia
correspondent. Really just on that last
idea coming out of Steve there, this
idea of self-sufficiency, the future of
Chinese tech, AI, this return of Jackma
and Alibaba. Uh so in a couple of
minutes we'll be hosting of course this
live Q&A and some of our colleagues of
course Annabelle Jewelers of course our
colleague will also be joining that as
well. So subscribers by the way can join
that conversation quite literally get
your questions in get your comments in
via the website bloomberg.com
[Music]
Right, welcome back. The approach to the
open is not very consistent, so not
going to say anything and just leave
that there. Lots of funny things to talk
about. Anyway,
>> yeah, I mean, it's interesting. Uh, we
have a report from Goldman Sachs, Kindra
Laauo. They're saying, look, investors
should embrace a buy on dip mindset when
looking at Chinese equities now as
valuations right now still not looking
too stretched according to their minds
as well. So in terms of analyst actions
what to look ahead to China a shares has
cut to ad at Orient security. So Huah
Hong semi is an interesting call from
Goldman. So they're upgrading the stock
here to a buy from neutral increasing
its price target as well saying AI power
and selling price enhancement will drive
growth ahead. The stock up some 3% here
this morning.
>> Yeah there's a difference in terms of
the implied jump from 55 to the mid60s
there. Right. Uh looking at by do sends
time some of the big winners in
yesterday's session. and JD.com also
that move up overnight and continues
that rally. We're up a further 3% this
Thursday. The open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. And so in terms of the
quick weather update, it's hot and humid
out there. There's a believe there's a
typhoon on approach to Hong Kong.
There's an I think there's a separate
one coming u next week. As far as
markets go, the clouds in the Fed
conversation might have parted
ever so slightly at least up until the
next meeting. Then we have to over
obsess again over what that meeting will
be. The data points of course around
that. Uh but it's it's it's as if we
were talking joking about this earlier
on. It's as if the Fed meeting did not
happen and it's you know markets are
just continuing with the many many
themes that they have been uh latched on
to in the last few days.
>> I mean case in point China tech right
even before this Fed meeting it was
still bucking everything else out there
when everyone was taking a pause China
tech still had some reason to rally here
as well. And it really kind of coincides
what we're hearing from the likes of
Goldman Sachs with this latest report
talking about look, you should really
embrace this whole buy the dip mentality
because for the most part, you know,
valuations are not stretched right now
and they mentioned there's still that
potential for allocation from
households. Everyone was talking about
these savings that need to be deployed.
So certainly they say there is reason
and they say this slow bull market that
you know has been more constructed and
constructive than years past here
because you are getting that anchor
anchored liquidity sponsor they say and
really long duration capital that is
actually maybe supporting this market.
So there you go. Uh and all when it
comes to signs of overheating they say
we're nowhere near the levels that we
saw back in 2015. So that's the call
from Goldman Sachs here today. Uh we are
seeing a little bit of retreat when it
comes to onshore markets here. Uh and
what we're seeing when it comes to
government bond yields looks like it's
taking high for the 30-year bond just
slightly here at 216 217 levels as well.
Uh but really we're watching very
closely what happens in Hong Kong
because that is really a lot of where
the price action is right now given
what's going on in the tech space. We
talk about Alibaba securing that deal uh
with China Unicom. That certainly did
lift a lot of the sentiment there
yesterday. And there you go. Alibaba is
still extending that rally up about 6/10
of 1% here. Muan is unchanged. So we
have seen it actually rallying alongside
China tech given this was probably one
of the lagards within that space here as
well. Uh but then yesterday there was
JD.com's chairman talking about they
don't want to participate in price wars
when it comes to hotel prices as well.
Might that be a sign that maybe things
are easing up when it comes to the price
war among some of these companies or
not? We'll see. uh was certainly one to
watch there here today as well. So it
looks like HStech is uh catching a bid
here this morning. 710 levels when it
comes to dollar China and we'll watch of
course honky dollar. We did also hm
follow with that rate cut uh along with
the Fed 777 for dollar honky here right
now. In terms of what we're watching in
terms of the chips certainly that Nvidia
story so our sources along with the FT
also reporting of this that China has
basically uh banned the Nvidia chip with
AI use. So what does this mean for
Nvidia's prospects uh of entering back
into this market? Right. Certainly, you
know, as as Steve mentioned, this could
be just posturing at this point, but
even when you talk to some of the selli
analysts, they say yes, this boosts the
whole self-sufficiency sort of theme,
but then again, it also might actually
impact AI development uh for some
companies as well. So, right now though,
this consensus seems to be that it is
going to help homegrown tech here right
now. Capricorn, take a look at that.
We're up 3% for Cabon, Huah Hong, Semi,
and Hygon. And Huah Hong just getting
the upgrade from Goldman 2 uh there. So,
take a look when it comes to trip.com.
So this is the latest there. So the
company's been summoned by China's Jung
Joe uh government there when it came to
unfair practices. So we'll we'll flesh
this out a little bit more. I think it's
potentially due to you the whole
competition among some of these travel
uh websites as well. So certainly that's
one to watch. The stock just slightly
down this morning.
>> Yeah. And of course Muan also continuing
to rally too. So they do have some
presence within the uh the travel and
leisure space. And interestingly to the
point that Ivonne was just making there
on JD.com, right? So, in about an hour
from now, we'll be having I'll talk more
about the chart in a moment here. Uh
Ellie Jang out of Mccori will be coming
on the shows. They actually have the
lowest price target on M1 on the street.
It's literally half the consensus. They
think actually fall back to 75. We'll
flesh it out even further. Or have has
news in the last 48 hours changed some
of the consensus there. Right now,
right, the this meltup we've seen in the
tech space in China. So this rerating
that's taking place, what you're looking
at on your screens is a effectively 12
month forward PE NASDAQ and the Hen Tech
and as you can see the Dave Matthews
song this space between has narrowed
substantially between the two this
meltup in equity markets as Ivon was
just pointing out right Kra and the
Goldman Sachs team basically say it's
still fair value not too expensive at
this point in time Chinese equities so
let's get a sense right now um out of
the buy side Aberdine Investments joins
us right now Nicholas Yo head of China
equity He's with us here on set. Good
morning, sir. Very nice to see you. It's
been about a year.
>> Almost a year.
>> Yeah.
>> Thanks for having me again.
>> The A lot has changed in the year.
>> That's right. Yes.
>> Um how are you looking at this rally at
this point in time now? What kind of
questions are you grappling with?
>> Um I think on the way here I was
thinking what's the best way to describe
this bull market right is dissimilar to
last year when you have like a raging
boo. So perhaps I could borrow something
a phrase from my Chinese colleagues or
Midland Chinese colleagues. Sure.
>> She was saying that this is more like a
water buffalo.
>> Yeah. Meaning that it's liquidity driven
>> because there's a divergent between I
know I don't talk about tech for now but
if you look at the fundamentals the
economy and the stock market there is a
divergent and is this going to last? I
mean we have seen it before as well
right? liquiditydriven rally can last
for some time in China. Um so it's very
hard to predict and I think we mentioned
as well that the stock market
capitalization as a percentage of uh you
know household deposit is still 0.6
>> you know imagine a little bit of that
trickling into the uh stock market that
could definitely push up uh uh the
devaluation um or the stock market from
here. uh you mentioned about you know
certain signs of bubble I don't think we
see it yet uh valuation is still
reasonable but having said that you know
you could say that it's similar to the
US whereby directionally it's correct to
to be you know bullish about AI
>> but the market tends to run ahead of
itself right so there will be some
stocks that probably has factored in too
much uh I cannot go into individual
stock but but there is that uh the
similarity with the US uh whereby AI is
hot and there could be over overrun or
running too hot in in some names. Yeah.
>> People say what's missing is still the
earnings upgrades, right? Is that still
going to be a constraint for any kind of
valuation upside in this market?
>> Uh I think at some point
um I mentioned about this being more of
a water buffalo which is which is which
is good. That means it's not a raging
bull.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh it's slower. So there's time for it
to catch up. You know the retail money
hasn't powing yet.
>> Uh so there's time given for you know
companies earnings to catch up. Um you
could say that China you can divide into
the old and the new you know the old
economy. Yeah you're still seeing very
depressed earnings that will probably
need more support from you know from the
government in terms of confidence. But
then on the other hand you have the uh
the 20% of the economy you could say is
more innovation related or tech related
>> that we have seen actually quite you
know good numbers already uh selectively
not all names.
>> Yeah.
>> So we look at the AI supply chain you
know some names uh we're looking at
those names that have earnings track
record
>> and and those companies are are able to
report quite good earnings growth. So
those are the ones that are
backed by fundamentals as well and not
just driven by liquidity. Yes, there's
some liquiditydriven uh rally but at the
same time we want to you know stick with
names in the tech as well whereby there
is earning support.
>> Uh you you're seeing that coming
through. So it's it's a it's an
interesting market whereby not
everything is rosy. Uh it's not a
typical bull market. you have to be very
selective as well and certain segment of
the market is still doing okay
>> and and is worth uh having a look.
>> I mean you mentioned liquidity and I I
like the statistic you you mentioned
here a trillion so far across the stock
connecting
into coming in Hong Kong the a lot of
that has gone into the usual names I
mean you just simply have to look at the
HKMA the Hong Kong exchange website to
figure out where this that money is
going. So my question is now with tech
AI and let's let's call them growth
names at the forefront of people's
investors minds what happens to other
style factors dividends value how are
you looking at what seemingly become an
unloved part of the equity relatively
unloved part of the equity market
>> I think the one of the main fund flows
coming into into Hong Kong I think it's
still the case is not just the the
growthy style type of funds,
>> okay?
>> But also the insurance the long you know
the long the long uh patient money if
you like to put that way income
>> income seeking uh insurance funds
>> uh I don't think they're going away
given you know the interest rate may
trend further down from here
>> okay
>> uh there always a possibility especially
with the fat cutting rate overnight that
there's room for China to cut rate as
well at some point
>> and hence uh there's a need to look for
higher yield uh so there's still place
for some of the high yielding
>> uh stocks. Uh it could be in financial,
it could be in non-financials.
Um so I think that there is still a room
for that.
>> Um
>> it's not zero sum.
>> It's not zero sum. And some of the
consumer names
I know it has to be unloved. Uh these
are more the traditional consumer names.
I'm not talking about the new consumer
names but the the old consumer names. uh
that could provide value as well if we
have more policy coming through in in
the fourth quarter which is likely to be
you know a policy heavy or intensive
quarter so that could be more support
>> on the service side and we heard that
yesterday as well and that should help
>> you could say the more traditional type
of uh of of consumption yeah
>> you also think there's more maybe
opportunities in the asshare market here
and and you know potential for sustained
performance what are you seeing in the
asare market in particular in terms of
>> I think we we we we are still bottom up.
So it doesn't matter whether we it is a
share listed or H share listed. I mean
more and more of them are coming to H
anyway.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh so I think we're looking for a
company that that still offers the the
share class that still offers a
discount. I mean that's the most
straightforward way of uh of investing
in them. uh but of course in the Asia
market you have
I don't like to go into you know anti
involution you know you you get some
support in the traditional material
space whereby there could be you know
supply cut at some point
>> that should support the ashare uh and as
well as uh you know increase
consolidation as well with this
anti-involution so you get more of that
traditional
uh names in the uh in the ashare and at
the same time I mentioned about AI
supply chain right AI infrastructure you
do get quite a lot of that
>> and semiconductors more in the in the in
the Asia space but then you you do get
some interesting names as well in Hong
Kong uh so I think it is difficult to
say that oh just go to H don't go to A
>> if you look at the innovation you can
find on both side
>> um A and H so I think our advice is to
to go for names rather than go for you
know which share class yeah
>> yeah well well well balanced breakfast
buffet you know there's no need to just
stick to the egg station the you
mentioned policyheavy will be the theme
of the fourth quarter just help us
understand what specifically you're
looking at there because there are many
things on the on the calendar we can see
including the work conference of course
which I think is in December of course
>> yes
>> I think the the fire plan is uh the 15
fire plan is what investors should be
looking at uh especially if you're a
long-term uh investor
uh apart from the traditional you know
innovation support for technology uh
localization so so that will remain
>> uh however there will be more emphasis
on you know the service side as well as
elderly home elderly cares uh so those
are the areas whereby it is worth having
a look as well this will fall into more
of the traditional economy and I think
the insurance life or non-life falls
into that as well
>> and and people tend to forget that you
know there is still not enough coverage
as of today and as people age the need
for private medical coverage will just
be you know the demand will just be be
increasing over time.
>> So there will be more support uh you can
say in the fire plan into such areas.
>> Uh I think we are not really you know we
are actually running out of time and the
population is aging rapidly. So we we
need to roll up some of this as quickly
as possible. Of course, there's also the
parenting subsidy and all that. Yeah.
>> Which I've heard many times. So, I think
there'll be probably more emphasis on
that side. Yeah.
>> Nicholas, thank you. Nicholasio there,
head of China equities at Aberdine
Investments. Coming up, McCory Capitals
Ellie Jang joins us with insights on the
tech rally here in China and also
talking a little bit more about Mtoan in
particular. She holds the lowest price
target on the street for that stock in
particular. Also, we're also checking a
trip.com share slightly down down to
here this morning, of course, after the
firm was summoned by Jung Joe's market
regulator over alleged violation of
ecommerce laws.
>> Yeah, in fact, we have a perhaps the
perfect person to talk us through the
potential implications of that. The CEO
herself will be joining us.com. Jane Sun
joins Bloomberg television in a couple
of hours. Of course, she joins has at
the times coming up on your screens very
shortly. be plenty more ahead here on
not Ellie of course Jane son of course
is the separate voice we'll be having
here there we go thank you so much 11:15
Hong Kong time this is the China show
[Music]
I think Paul said it pretty well I mean
he said basically we think that's the
risks on the unemployment side have
risen more than the risk on the
inflation side and so given that we
should be less restrictive
>> given that inflation is still pretty
high u I think it's going to be
difficult to have a really aggressive
rate cut at this stage of the game even
though the labor market's showing signs
of deterioration the impact of the
revisions on the data he kind of like
focused on it and then said well it's
not just that but then he went back to
it again and again and so that was the
first takeaway is this labor market
slowdown has clearly resonated. It's
shifted the the the balance of risks
>> given the information we have on the job
market and the revisions quite dramatic.
Uh the Fed has some catching up to do.
>> Yeah. Some of the guest reaction coming
through after the quarter point cuts out
of the Feds. Uh take a look at really
how the dollar reacted overnight that
swivel into the upside into where we are
right now. So we're back at 1192, 11
above 1190 here on the Bloomberg dollar
index. Uh you can really blame I guess a
large extent that weakness coming
through in the Kiwi. That's a separate
story altogether. Of course in focus of
course is EM and of course when you look
at the Chinese currency where we are at
these current levels here. Ivonne.
>> Yeah. So a little bit of that recovery
in the dollar after that press briefing
here was a bit of a whipssaw. Uh that's
why you are seeing in some cases EMFX is
slightly weakening here this morning. Uh
certainly you know the Kiwi dollar is a
standout there just given those GDP
numbers as well. But for more, let's
bring in our EM macro strategist Marcus
Wong. He joins us now from Singapore.
Let's talk about the rem Marcus because
you know analysts have been talking
about this sort of new range, right?
Like 7 to 710 levels possibly for dollar
China. Now I mean those are levels where
you start to see this increase in
conversion of offshore dollar holdings
into the remmbb how big is that expected
impact?
Yeah, I think that's this is been a view
that has been quite out in the market
that has accelerated especially since um
you know after April 2nd you know the
whole the dollarization theme and of
course the impact of this conversion of
this offshore dollar holdings that have
accumulated over the past decade or so
and this is especially true in China and
I think this views this view has taken
you know sense of momentum recently uh
with the PBOC see seem to be guiding uh
the UN stronger as a result. So some
analysts are actually expecting um you
know as as much as $300 billion worth of
offshore holdings that that could be
converted uh back into the UN and this
could essentially uh you know be quite
quite a boost. Um and I think not so
much for UN but if you look at this this
is a theme that is also present in other
markets uh because you know for a lot of
economies in Asia these are current
across plus economies. So at the point
you know over the past decade or so when
the dollar was railing when US rates
were high uh you know investors are
parking their cash into dollars. So now
um not just in China but in other
economies such as you know Taiwan and
Malaysia uh this analysts are viewing
that the continuous slide in the dollar
could see a conversion of this offshore
dollar deposits and especially in
currencies such as Taiwan dollar. uh you
know we we saw you know especially in
early May um the the magnitude and power
of the conversion of and and the the
impact of this conversion of the
exporter dollar holdings uh that that
can have the impact on the currency. So
similarly in Malaysia we could see um a
result we could see the impact if
exporters further convert their offshore
dollar holdings.
Well, let's let's stay in Southeast
Asia. The you know, we were expecting
somewhat of a surprise around the Fed,
maybe around the voting split there. We
didn't get that. The surprise we got was
actually out of out of Indonesia and
that cut. I think only two out of the
many economies actually saw that one
coming. What do you think day two looks
like after that surprise cut out out of
BI Marcus?
>> Yeah. Well, I I think all I can say is
that, you know, let's look at the
numbers first, right? I think since
September 8 uh when Muyani was removed
as finance minister uh the rupia is
actually the worst performing
em currency globally after the Argentina
peso as well as the ruble. So in terms
investors have been really nervy over
how um you know the fiscal guts around
bank around Indonesia as well as the
independence of bank Indonesia. I think
it was very noteworthy at at the um you
know um red decision yesterday. the the
amount of focus that you know Perry
Wajio f you know emphasized on growth
i.e. you know that you know it's just
not just a red cut yesterday but we
could see more rate cuts moving forward
and of course this will be uh result in
further weakening of the rupia but
rather than just a red story um you know
the the big question is how fast will
the fiscal gut rails around Indonesia
unravel um you know there's been a lot
of talk about whether the the country
will still you know adur to the 3%
fiscal deficit ceiling that he has had
at her to for the past few years or so.
So I think something that investors are
looking to towards is that that you know
Indonesian finance minister Puraya has a
briefing with um lawmakers uh later
today uh briefing them about the draft
budget for 2026. So bearing in mind that
last uh that previously Muani set a
target of 2.5%
uh of a budget shortfall for next year.
So there is a sense a sense of sense of
jitteriness in the market about whether
the finance new finance minister Pubaya
will you know the targets that he set
for next year and whether he will be you
know adhering to the 3% target.
All right, Marcus, thank you. Marcus
Wong there uh on the latest on EMFX. Uh
as we were talking about just now, we
just got some Aussie job data numbers
here, which uh didn't look too good,
right? We're talking about uh jobs that
were back basically fell by 5,400 uh
there driven entirely by full-time
roles, it seems, here right now. And
really missing the mark. I think
economists were expecting a 21,000 uh
jobs that were supposed to be added here
as well, but the unemployment rate did
stay steady at 4.2% 2% but it seems like
you know given that it does support the
case for the RBA to remain cautious at
this time when it comes to rate cuts
here right now but certainly we are
watching the Aussie dollar did actually
fall on the back of that data.
>> Yeah. Well they they never get it right
anyway. Never
>> rarely.
>> So uh there's always a market oh the
algos are out again. Okay. Plenty more
ahead. This is the the China show.
[Music]
All right. If you want to take a look at
what what AI can do, uh, talk about BU,
right? This is something that we we
really didn't talk about BU for for
months, even years, uh, when it came to
the AI train. There you go. Optimism
over its AI chip, you know, that
potential that continues to grow here.
So, we're up another 3% after what
adding about $6 billion in a day in
terms of market cap. But yeah, it seems
like this the the calls to buy are
getting louder.
>> Yeah, the you know, every time you look
at this, if you sold when the stock was
below 80, this is really a reminder of
regrets, I guess, for many of those that
I guess to some extent say goodbye said
goodbye to to to that long trade here.
um on the chip story. So there's the
Nvidia story, there's a
self-sufficiency, there's the Goldman
call.
>> Um I think it was on Huah Hong, wasn't
it? Yes. Yes. Uh Kinjila uh and the
Goldman team, they're upgrading their
price target and the stock to the
mid60s, I believe. 666, I could be
mistaken, but from the current, of
course, 57 where we are right now. So
chips are on the way up. And the this
fundraising theme also continues very
separately. You have Wayob and you have
Dongfunk hitting the markets. I think
it's about a billion each as far as Hong
Kong dollars each as far as the share
sale is concerned and the city called
Mayan.
>> Yeah. So they're talking when it comes
to the holiday box office, look at
Mauian as the main beneficiary here due
to a lot of participation the top four
most popular movies during Golden Week.
All right, we'll have more on the way in
the next hour. You're watching the China
Show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the CSI 300. A half hour into the
session here right now and we are seeing
slightly to the downside here today. But
yeah, keep in mind though, we also did
just get an upgrade when it comes to
Goldman and their forecast when it comes
to GDP for China now. So 2025 and 2026,
they're saying now uh that growth rate
now at 4.8%.
For 2025,
>> yes. Okay. Yeah. Uh you know what? Yeah.
It's so so Yeah. So they've revised the
one for real GDP this year.
>> Yes.
>> Uh by a tenth to 4.0. That's I mean it's
that's not much that's marginal
>> uh Andrew Tilton and Quan but yes I mean
uh yeah from 4.7 I believe to 4.8%.
>> Um and they've given a bit more context
on why they did that. The upward
revision to next year's forecast was
driven by expectations of firmer
exports. Okay. That's interesting too
that she's she's actually held that
view.
>> She has.
>> Yeah. the exports will were okay and
will be okay
>> because they said when you go and
compete and in exports overseas, you
know, people still look at Chinese
innovation and and and they see value in
that and they're still going to buy
according to her. So the magnitude of
growth deceleration appears not as large
as assumed. Uh that's what they're
saying here right now. We're watching
New Zealand assets, right? Because that
GDP print was certainly a pretty ugly
picture and really missed estimates
there. So there you go. Now people like
the Westpack you mentioned Dave now
forecasting a 50 basis point cut in
October now you are seeing the Kiwi
dollar as well as those yields uh well
moving in tandem.
>> Yeah. Uh in fact can we before we talk
about that I also want to mention I did
I don't think you guys saw it on your
screens. Can we get a two-year yield on
New Zealand up please? Because
>> really that is reflective of this and
you know it's similar story by the way
in Indonesia but we'll talk about that
in a moment though. reflective of the
market catching up to pricing. The
two-year yield, please, if we can get
that up, if we can. Um, you know, the
ticker for that for my producers is GNZ2
index check as rate. Uh, if we can get
that up 12 basis points to the downside,
reflective of the market catching up in
terms of pricing to perhaps now more
easing on the table here as it pertains
to the RBN. That meeting, by the way, is
October 7th in case you need to mark
your calendars there. Okay. Um, now to
Indonesia where towards the latter part.
>> More surprises.
>> More surprises, right?
um we cut I think we're now done 150
basis points
>> y and this is really a central bank that
I guess you can say is is in favor of
growth now um and on the back of all
this political you know instability
they're moving the finance minister and
the like here um that does do lead to
some concerns about you know
independence around the central bank but
certainly uh what we're seeing is you
know that by cutting by 25 basis points
uh that did catch a lot of forecasters
by surprise so um what that means for
the rupia. Certainly, we'll see what
happens. But there you go. We're seeing
some weakness there for the currency
right now.
>> Okay. Uh let's turn our attention back
to the Fed conversation right now. And
you know, so they moved 25.
Um I think the the takeaway that I got
at least from our conversation earlier
on with with with Jack McIntyre, Brandy
Wine,
>> yeah,
>> was it's it's certainly going to be data
dependent. He doesn't think we're going
to get a move below 4% until the next
data point. And the pain trade he says
will be a lowering of the long end
yields which I think it's really adding
duration to this at this point in time
is is is his key source of returns.
>> Yep. Uh it's not a consensus call I
think at this point. Um but certainly
there's a lot of questions about what
came through in this meeting right
because I mean as expected they did cut
also signaling two dots for for the end
of this year which is slightly more than
the previous projections. But then again
also when it came to upgrading their
inflation forecast but also projecting
more cuts. how they square those two
things.
>> That sounds like stackflation. If you
toss all that into a blender, the
concept certainly comes up as well. But
yeah, uh other things that Jay Powell
mentioned, of course, pointed to signs
of weakness in the labor market, explain
really why officials uh did what they
did and how he framed what they did
there. Uh in fact, let's have let's have
a listen to how J. Powell framed many of
the the key issues there. In support of
our goals and in light of the shift in
the balance of risks today, the federal
open market committee decided to lower
our policy interest rate by a quarter
percentage point. The labor market was
in very solid condition with strong job
creation and all those things. I think
if you start go back to April and now
look at the revised job creation numbers
for for May, June, July and August, you
can kind of I can no longer say that we
did welcome a new committee member today
as we always do and the committee
remains united in pursuing our mand our
dual mandate goals. I think you could
think of this in a way as a
riskmanagement cut. Inflation we
continue to expect it to move up maybe
not as high as we would have expected it
to move up a few months ago. um the the
pass through into of of the tariffs into
inflation has been slower and smaller.
>> Let's bring our senior markets editor
and opinion columnist John authors. He's
with us. Um yeah, so I I know you were
up watching this press briefing. I think
Jet Light helped with that front, but it
did a bit. Yes. What stood out
>> to reenacting Lost in Translation? Yes.
>> Yeah. What stood out to you?
>> Sorry.
>> What stood out to you in this?
>> Okay. The single most important thing um
Okay. I I'll say two things. The first
is given how much excitement and how
much intensity there was over this
meeting, if you actually look at where
all the key markets were after the FOMC
compared to a couple of hours before,
it's one of the least eventful FOMC days
in recent memory. The S&P 500 and the
2-year yield pretty much exactly where
they were after some exciting
girrations. Ultimately, the market I
think correctly buys this as being a
more hawkish
cut overall than was in the price
because the dollar strengthened a bit
and the 10-year yield has gone up.
>> Yeah.
>> The most important thing by a country
mile uh my I can exclusively reveal my
column is going to quote Sherlock Holmes
is the dog that didn't bark.
>> There was only one descent. There were
two descents last time before Steven
Mirin joined the committee. But this
time around he was the only outlier. Now
that's significant because the really
critical point to understand whether
we're going to get a a fundamentally
different Fed within the next 12 months
or so uh is partly does Lisa Cook keep
her job which is a matter for the courts
and partly who gets the job of being the
chairman. Uh if you believe the
prediction markets um Chris Waller who
was one of the dissenters last time was
the narrow favorite. He decided not to
disscent plainly must know that if he
wants that job and he's an ambitious man
and it would be the pinnacle of his
career to get it. He must know that he
it would have served him to to descent
and ask for 50 and he didn't. If you
believe the prediction markets, he is
now neck andneck with Steven Mirren for
the job.
>> Uh if you want a market which completely
turned upside down as though this was
the biggest shock you can imagine, it
was the betting markets for who gets the
Fed job
>> which now is seen as being completely
open with Steven Mirren looking like he
has a chance of getting the job.
>> That was not something.
>> Yeah. even after he got nominated to to
you know for the for the board it was
something like a one 2% shot. So that is
that is the big change. Um if you in
carrying on with sounds almost like
criminology you know how people used to
look at which member of the polit bureau
was closest to the line of tanks in the
red square parades. Um the other
critical thing is who uh gets to choose
um the next uh the next round of
governors.
>> The argument has been and this is where
the criminology comes in is that if you
fire Lisa Cook then you have Steven
Mirin plus Mickey Bowman and Chris
Waller the two dissenters last time plus
Cook's
uh replacement. That gives you four of
the seven governors and they can veto
the people who are being put up for the
FOMC from the regional Fed regional
feds.
In the light of this, I'm not sure
not spoken to either Governor Walder or
Governor Bowman about this. Perhaps some
of that analysis has been a little
unfair to them. I'm not sure that you
can really assume that they're just
going to choose anybody off the street
who's got a MARA hat to be on the FOMC
if that's what they're being asked to do
by the White House, which some of the
analysis has suggested. It's it's a much
more complicated picture and really
subjugating to the the Fed to the uh to
the White House is going to be trickier
than it it appeared.
>> What was and what's interesting, right?
it to your point the markets didn't
almost didn't do anything
>> eventually uh yeah we had our normal
FOMC day
>> normal FMC day then the dollar sold off
a little bit but then quickly recovered
>> u what hasn't been mentioned at least
from you here is where does the economy
>> come into consideration
>> as it pertains to monetary policy so so
it seems as if the markets will now need
to deal with an extra data point which
is looking at who makes up the fo OC.
>> Yes.
>> When does the economy also matter? I
guess
>> ironically,
>> no, no pun intended. Obviously, the if
there's a big deterioration in the
economy, that trumps everything and it
it actually gets the Fed to do what
President Trump wants them to do. Yeah.
Um
>> maybe Waller goes if if it's it's I I
don't I I think this has been overstated
because because claims data are noisy.
The last claims data from last week
suggested maybe there is a sharp
deterioration going on. Three or four
numbers like that more and you know you
plainly have a Fed that needs to be far
more doubbish. You had a clip from and
the fact the fact that Jay Powell talked
about the labor market in the way that
he did. We are clearly somewhat more
hawkish than people expected but this is
still plainly overall doubbish. M
>> um what he also said and where he is
perhaps minding his language slightly
more carefully now that he has to sit
around a table with Steven Mirren is on
tariffs. There has been some pass
through. It hasn't been as fast and as
great
>> as expected. Uh my personal belief is
that we're probably going to get more. I
think most governors of the Fed believe
that as well.
>> More pass through.
>> I think there will be more pass through.
And I'm not convinced looking at some of
the expectations data, consumer surveys
that it won't feed through into higher
expectations. I think it it behooves
them not to talk about that given how
politicized the whole situation is at
present, but that hasn't gone away
either. So either inflation or
unemployment breaking significantly
upwards could really change the picture
again. M
>> um you know a a a Trump nominee is still
not going to cut rates hugely if
inflation goes back to 4%.
>> Powell mentioned Yeah. He mentioned it's
a a riskmanagement cut. Yes. Is that
essentially an insurance cut?
>> Yes.
>> You think?
>> Yes. you. We're nervous enough about uh
unemployment at this point and we've
given ourselves enough room for maneuver
that we'll take a risk of making a cut
when inflation is above target and
trending in the wrong direction. But we
will cut once and see how things develop
over the next month as insurance against
whether unemployment is as bad as it
looks as though it might be. And I've
just realized quite how many
conditionals I put into that sentence. I
think that was perhaps appropriate. It's
not great pros, but that that is what a
conditional what a conditional world
we're we're living in.
>> But not quite align with what the
market's pricing in. Maybe not as
doubbish. So there still needs to be
some repricing, I think.
>> Correct. Correct.
>> Okay. John, it's great to have you. John
Author is there. Uh he's been here all
week with us. And of course, John will
be joining us later today along with a
panel of some of our leading Bloomberg
journalists here for a special edition
of the China Show. Yeah. We're going to
sit down with AIA Group CIO Mark Conan
to discuss where markets could be headed
next under the second Trump
administration.
>> Yeah. And it's a live version
effectively of of what we do here on a
daily basis. And you know, first let me
extend my gratitude to all of you of
course who join us regularly. Uh this
event is exclusive to Bloomberg.com
subscribers. But do not worry because
you can catch a highlights from our
conversation on the shows this time
tomorrow. And if you haven't already, do
make sure you subscribe so you do not
miss the opportunity to see Ivonne live
on set. Unfortunately, you're stuck with
me as well. In-depth analysis, market
insights coming through. So, lot to look
forward to tonight going into the
weekend.
>> And there's a newsletter that comes out
every Thursday as well. But up next, the
latest twist in the US China tech
rivalry with Beijing's new clampdown on
Nvidia chips. We have details coming up.
This is Bloomberg
[Music]
chip rally is continuing to to give and
you know we can come up with three
reasons here but markets will come up
with the fourth really. Uh that's just
to say that the market is has somewhat
of a lower bar which is not a bad thing
by the way necessarily uh to really keep
on buying into this rally whether that's
liquidity the news flow whether that's
all these announcements and
pronouncements coming through out of the
Chinese side of things and whether or
not the geopolitics continuing to drive
at least in this specific case today uh
domestic chiplets in China on the back
of some news there of course out of out
of China. Yeah, China is widening its
clampdown on Nvidia now, instructing
domestic companies to haul orders for a
particular workstation ship that can be
repurposed for AI's uses. Now, for the
latest, let's bring in our chief Noria
correspondent, Stephen Engel, on more of
what we know about this so-called ban.
So yes, this is uh first reported by the
Financial Times and then corroborated by
sources close to the story essentially
saying that the China cyerspace
administration, the regulator of the
internet essentially is um instructing
Chinese companies to not buy this, I
guess you could call it a lower level uh
hi chip from chi from Nvidia, the RTX
Pro 6000D. It's not the H20 which is a
higher processing but not the highest
end obviously. It's not a blackwell
chip. Uh those are not allowed to be
sold to China. The H20 has had a
checkered history. Obviously, it's been
put on the export control list by the
US. Then now is off, but then
simultaneously or thereafter, shortly
thereafter, we saw China sort of um
instruct Chinese companies to hold off.
Not not telling them, not instructing
them, but basically encouraging them
perhaps to hold off. And we've seen
orders uh not go as high obviously as
Jensen Wong would like and they are
counting on China. It's it's it's a bit
of a tricky situation for Nvidia
obviously either they're caught up in
geopolitics and some bargaining chips
that China is trying to build up as
negotiations are ongoing between China
and the United States as they work
towards a possible summit between she
and Trump. Everyone is trying to get
leverage and find what kind of
deliverables they're going to get. I'm
not necessarily saying that is what's
happening here because the other side of
the story could be China is increasingly
confident in its own domestic chipm uh
as evidenced in the story late yesterday
by Bloomberg about Alibaba and getting a
cornerstone uh customer in China Unicom
for its tea head AI accelerator. So
again, China's advancement uh in AI
chips is advancing. Is it to the point
where China is confident it doesn't need
those chips necessarily from Nvidia? Um
because simultaneously to all this,
we've also had uh the Ministry of
Commerce announced two new probes into
American chip uh curbs and also those
analog IC chips coming out. And they
also saw uh this ruling just this week
about Nvidia violating anti- monopul
laws with that 2020 purchase 7 billion
purchase of Melanox technology. So
there's been a lot of pressure on from
China on the US chip making industries
at a time when you would think China
still needs those chips or do they?
Right.
>> Yeah. I mean they could be doing both
things. It uh those two things are not I
guess mutually exclusive. Right. Could
be happening simultaneous.
>> Simultaneously, right? Talk to us about
the negotiations aspect if this is in
fact
>> literally or figuratively a bargaining
chip.
>> Well, you would expect China to try and
get some sort of bargaining chip if
they're going to come up with some sort
of u agreement that essentially ends the
moratorium, the pause if you will, the
extension that expires on November 10th
and ahead of any kind of summit. And
that could possibly be an area where
China could then back off of some of
this pressure that they're building up
right now. Um, but again, caught in the
middle is Nvidia. Um, this is what
Jensen Hong had to say when he was asked
about it in London on the sidelines of
Trump's visit to the UK. He said, "I'm
disappointed in what I see, but they
China have larger agendas to work with
between China and the United States. We
certainly excuse me we what does he say
there? We can only be in service of a
market if the country wants us to be.
>> Yeah.
>> So he he's take he's obviously
expressing some chagrin in the whole
situation. Um but also resigned to the
fact that there might be bigger
geopolitics at play here.
>> Yeah. And we haven't even talked about
Blackwell there and the prospects of
that. Black Blackwell is not going to be
sold into China anytime soon, but the
H20, we'll have to see if that can um
gain some traction.
>> Yeah. All right, Steve. Thank you. Our
chief Matheia correspondent, Stephen
Engel, there coming up looking at
another part of China Tech, of course,
we got Ellie J from McCory Capital
joining us to discuss all things tech,
Mtoan, Alibaba. She covers all of it.
So, she holds the lowest price target
for mto in the street on the stock here.
So, we'll ask her why. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> All right, we've been tracking CGBs of
late here. Certainly, there's been a lot
of talk about, you know, is this sort of
long bull run when it comes to CGBs
fading now? But coming at a time when
you actually are seeing some of the
banks in China loading up on government
debt at the fastest pace since 2019, is
it a risky time to be doing that? That's
going to be a key question there.
>> Yeah, because you're effectively buying
well, you're increasingly sitting on an
increasing number of assets that might
be starting to lose value. And I think
if you're looking at banks, then you
mark to market. What happens then? You
take a hit on financials. Of course,
you're simp we're simply extrapolating
what could happen here. But what we do
know is of course Chinese banks have
been loading up on government debt at
the fastest pace in about 6 years uh
with commercial lenders raising their
overall holdings by more than 20% that's
compared to uh last year. Let's bring in
Iris Oang of course our FX and rates
reporter together here with us on set to
talk us through the status of China's
bond market. Why don't we start there
with that question Iris?
>> Thank you for having me Ivon and David.
Um yeah, China's bond market has been
very volatile in recent weeks and it has
been pressured by the stocks rally and
Beijing's anti-involution efforts. Um
but in the past two uh sections we have
been seeing that the brown prices
already uh climbed. Um that's because we
are seeing that some foreign funds and
banks are buying the dip. Um so uh
looking forward uh we are still seeing
there could be more demand in the
market. Can you tell us what why? So why
are Chinese banks buying more bonds now?
>> Yep. Uh the first uh reason is that
because there's sluggish demand in
China. There is less loan demand from
the corporates, consumers and the real
economy. So the banks need another
source of revenue. So they are turning
to the fixed income markets uh for more
stable income. Actually last year when
China has has the bomb boo that
outperforming global peers um one
individual bond trader can earn millions
of yen um in like several months.
>> Yeah, I think we're showing this
three-year look at the Chinese. This is
the Bloomberg benchmark of that as well.
It's done very well to the point ARS is
making outperforming other global bond
markets. So right now at this point in
time, what are bond investors going to
be looking for now? Uh one element is
that the people are watching for
potential the PBOC resuming the bond
trading that has been circulating in the
market for weeks. Um and that has been
supported the sentiment uh in recent
days as well. Um so once the PBOC
re-enter the markets that could further
uh support the sentiment and the second
thing is that people are waiting for
potential more rate cuts for uh by the
PBOC. Uh the market is not expecting one
rate cut uh by the central bank in the
fourth quarter.
>> Iris, thank you. Iris Oang there, our FX
and rates reporter on Yeah. the CGB
market here right now. In terms of the
markets, we're watching very closely
particular stocks here, some of these,
you know, new consumption themes, right?
PopMart certainly is one that we're
watching out for because yeah, we we saw
that wipeout just a few days ago and now
we're seeing a little bit of recovery
there maybe behind because of what they
saw from Morgan Stanley. Yeah, I mean
value emerges when price drops as well.
So market sadly out there with with a
note as far as this is concerned. Lidar
stocks is also a broader group that
we're tracking today and as you can see
of course well for one uh we did get of
course that big listing this week out of
hide. Second reason we've been looking
at this today in particular is this
forecast this report that does look and
expect a pickup uh in demand as far as
that's concerned going into 2026.
uh official CCTV report here that the
lighter market is expected to reach 24
billion that's rem this year that's
about double and almost double uh the
year after that so 2026 to 43.2 2 uh
billion. Okay. Um one stock of course in
Oz that we're tracking here. So we're
dropping some close to 12% here right
now. This after a group led by Abu Dhabi
National Oil. Uh they actually walked
away from that $19 billion takeover bid.
So raising a lot of questions about what
the next steps are going to be for
Santos here and of course the future of
the CEO Kevin Gallagher. So the shares
down some 11%. Plenty more ahead. This
is moon birth.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to that lunch break here right
now and we are continue to see a pretty
good rally coming through in the NIK225.
We're up some 1% here right now. Dollar
yen is just slightly below that 147
level here as well. Obviously we've been
talking about this sort of reemergence
of dollar strength after that J pow
presser here. So yes, so they did cut
but yes a bit of caution moving forward.
>> Yeah, interesting price price move on
the dollar on on dollar yen
specifically. Right. So Ivonne you
mentioned this pop in the US dollar.
actually hit its head just above the 147
handle and then strengthen from that
point in time. Uh I guess the market's
trying to I don't want to say repric to
Fed expectations but I mean certainly
there was an element of that when you
look at the FX markets and if you think
the Fed actually gets to the terminal
rate which I think is now two more this
year and two more next year. So that's
four cuts priced. So we're closer to 125
now than we were closer to 150 cuts
yesterday. Okay. So I think that was
some of the minute changes as far as the
Fed pricing is concerned. Uh we also
want to look at Japanese chip makers and
semiconductors. I believe we have that
coming up on your screen very shortly.
So this rally we're seeing across the
entire Asian Asia-Pacific AI and chip
space is playing out for different
reasons. Of course we talked about SKH
Highix and HKPM
uh in in South Korea. There's of
obviously the cohort and um what is this
anyway? No, we're looking at disco
advent and all those things. Please, can
we get that up if we can? Um, and
separately, of course, we're looking at
that entire space in Hong Kong with BU
and Sense time. BU was up almost 20%.
Well, at one point was up 20% yesterday.
Uh, we're up a further 5% in in the
session today. Is can we get BU up,
guys? Hangen Tech is up uh was up 2%.
We're just coming off a little bit
there. Sensstein was also a very big
move uh to the down to the upside
yesterday and we're up 5% still uh on
the likes of BU plus I think what's also
encouraging
is some of the news flow and commentary
coming through out of JD.com and which
might be a separate strand to to to
explore but but yes Chinese tech has
been doing very well is an
understatement
>> yeah so JD talking you know the chairman
was saying they don't want to engage any
more price wars when it comes to the
hotel sector and the So, you know, does
this shows us signs that maybe this
price war in the food delivery or at
least that space hotel space is at least
uh receding now? But certainly a lot of
questions to ask when it comes to Ellie
Jang, head of Asia, Internet and
Software Research at McCory Capital. She
joins us now from the bank's Asia Tech
and Internet Conference. Ellie, it's
great to have you. Let's start with the
cloud space. You know, I'll get to mto
in a in a second because it seems like
all the rage right now this week has
been about AI chips and cloud.
There seems to be this whole
self-reliance sort of theme that's going
on here. I mean, how much more upside do
you think that there are in some of
these stocks now?
>> Uh well, when we talk about
self-reliance, right, this is actually a
huge topic. Uh in fact, I think the
definition here is a bit blurred. Um
when we think about all of these
hyperscalers if you will in China I'll
say they're definitely still relying on
different sources of the chips right
they're also working with different
counterparties from data centers uh to
the enterprises uh in order to get that
end to end sort of digital
infrastructure set up the good thing
about the Chinese hyperscalers are that
they have been rooted uh within the
enterprises across different industries
for a very long time right so for the
likes of Alibaba or Tencent or even buy
and buy dance you know they are rooted
into so many different industries
spanning uh spanning across e-commerce
media you know games uh basically
anything you can think of so in other
words they're really just rooted into
the day-to-day operations uh or or even
the lifestyles for the consumers and
enterprises and on that note uh you know
we are seeing the enterprises kind of
embracing AI at a very rapid pace and
like ever before and partially because
you know obvious Obviously AI is
bringing huge boost into the
productivity side but also the
government is also putting pretty
ambitious target saying that you know
they are hoping the China to become one
of the key leaders uh for the AI race
globally by 2030. Right? This is
actually uh further echoed in their AI
plus uh opinion draft that was released
uh by the state council and it was a
actually a very encouraging tone seeing
the government is you know putting out
more kind of granular detail details and
targets uh for both the large platforms
ecosystems as well as for the smaller
industry players uh to you know embrace
AI from different perspectives. So
coming back to the question of you know
how much further is this upside I think
the upside uh is definitely there and
it's actually being backed by both
further revenue acceleration
opportunities this is ob obviously
backed by strong demand and also uh
boosted by very strong inflows coming
back to China with comp with with
investors in the market you know uh hope
putting higher hopes towards that that
further kind of longer term trajectory
uh so so you know if we look at the the
brocker sector We remain very optimistic
towards the opportunities especially
lying around these large internet
platforms. We think they are in a very
unique position to capture this rising
opportunity.
>> Ellie David here, nice to see you.
There's such a big gap though between
where the market has already run to and
where the business needs to be uh to
narrow that gap. How do I need to be
thinking about execution risk from a lot
of these big platforms?
Yeah, that's a that's a fasc fascinate
uh fascinating uh uh question, David. I
I think if you think about the past,
right, uh you know, for a very long
time, uh China or internet space has
been trading at a distress multiple. I
think during the worst times, you know,
we're talking about the internet sector
trading at over 50% discount versus the
US peers. And during that time most of
the investors actually would place the
internet sector as a value sector and
people started talk a lot more about
cost savings optimizations even
shareholder returns on on the current
stage shareholder returns still remains
at a pretty important driver but what's
more exciting is we are seeing such AI
uh demand and and growth bringing
physical uh you know more tangible
outcomes right to to the companies. So
from Baba's perspect perspective, the
Ali cloud segment went from only low
single digit percent revenue growth to
28% year-over-year increase in the past
quarter and we do see continued momentum
for the cloud business into the second
half of this year likely to push the
cloud revenue higher right all of all of
that are already you know delivering or
translating into better confidence uh
into the the sector. So even at the
current stage, you know, after the
sector itself has rallied so much or the
Hansen tech index has been, you know,
doing really well this year, I would
say, you know, if you're comparing that
versus the the the likes uh in in the
US, you know, the western peers, we're
still trading at a pretty meaningful
discount. We're still talking about
around 20 to 30% discount for majority
of these large platforms. Uh so I would
say that the expectations have
definitely gone up versus before. Uh but
we're still in the pretty rational zone.
Okay. Rational. So I I was going to get
your recommendations. So Alibaba, you
have an outperform rating. BYU, which is
also another hot stock this week on the
whole AI trade. You still remain
neutral. Can you walk us through the
thinking behind those recommendations
now?
>> Sure. Um I think I've already shared
some thoughts towards the the Alibaba
especially being the largest hyperscaler
in China. Towards BU, this has been a
huge topic uh for investors this week.
uh you know we are having our tech
conference in Hong Kong uh very excited
to see you know investors being very
active in asking all sort of questions
across applications genetic AIS and and
Sammies and so on right for BU uh in the
recent period of time investors started
to get much more excited about the
hardware side which is their
self-developed quantum chip that started
to get much more demand and traction
right especially uh uh when you compare
by valuation side by side with a lot of
these kind of asshare uh uh hardware
names. Now uh I would say there's really
limited information on the qual chip
itself. So it's very difficult for the
market to put you know a hard valuation
or benchmark towards their their
relative you know performance versus the
other. But what we know is we do
acknowledge that there is embedded
option values um on BU at the current
stage given that the quinan uh chip does
seem like to gain more market share
among the domestic chip supplier. Uh
overall you know what's interesting is
that we are noticing a a higher
diversity of supplies for domestic chips
and and that has been echoed by you know
the the data centers that's indicating
there's very strong demand and and even
more tailwinds coming from the policy
side to boost more domestic chip usage.
So BU would be definitely one of the key
beneficiaries but at the same time I
guess the flip side of that argument is
BU's ser BU's core search remains
heavily under pressure right so I think
for investors we always have to kind of
debate the pros and cons and of course
in BU's case uh you know the the whether
they are able to achieve kind of more of
a stable stage for their search decline
uh would be the key catalyst to watch
out
>> Ellie on maybe partly because of Alibaba
which and correct us if we're wrong that
you know Alibaba has somewhat been seen
as a big winner uh in its ability to
apply AI to some of its businesses and
on the losing side of things have been
the likes of Mtoan for example so those
two actually have been uh put
head-to-head in the market you have the
lowest price target on the street uh on
Mtoan does the bare case still for you
still hold and what would make you
change your mind on the stock
>> yes uh so we are quite bearish uh on
towards Muan and one of the key uh
reason for the recent downgrade uh was
that after the the the very shocking
results right reported by M20 in the
second quarter when their profit
basically declined by over 90% uh you
know on adjusted basis I would say the
the the recent change was more on the
fact that Alibaba's navigation
application it's called ANAP is now you
know pushing further towards the instore
segment the company actually announced
announced that you know they are
introducing more agendic AI features
while introducing kind of the the
localized uh ranking features that's
more based on the real-time data that's
you know purely mapped by the consumers
instead of you know kind of boosted by
by bidding or paying right uh and the
company actually said that they will not
monetize such ranking feature in the
near time or anytime soon. uh which
could potentially mean that we could see
the shifting wallet share coming from
the local merchants uh to to kind of
shift away from advertising uh on
towards M1 to the other services
including AAP. Uh notably AAP is one of
the largest consumer apps right uh I
mean of course Baba you know TA 10 cent
still holds as the leaders but uh we are
seeing the consumers are using AAP at a
very high frequent pace which pays pays
very well for them to further tap into
this high frequent consumer demand
especially in the local services. So we
are just getting very worried about the
instore segment for May plan which is
now the biggest contributor for the
profitability.
>> And how do you see this competitive
landscape changing maybe for next year
Ellie? You know obviously Mtoan is still
the leader I believe in terms of market
share but it it definitely is narrowing
with Alibaba now.
>> Yeah definitely. Uh that's that's a
great point. Um I I would say at the
current stage we are seeing Baba very
quickly catching up to the the the the
uh you know the first player. Uh
previously we're talking about kind of a
75 versus 25 market split right for food
delivery. Uh at the current juncture,
Baba is quickly catching up and in terms
of daily order volume, they're actually
getting quite close to MTON's current
level. For intore, it's a lot more
fragmented, of course, with domean being
still the largest, but do is also being,
you know, very sizable in terms of the
GTV contributed. Uh and if Alibaba
started to, you know, push a map further
into the local side, then I would expect
Alibaba to also take a very sizable
market share within the instore segment.
So going forward, you know, towards the
medium-term or even longer term, I would
just say it's hard for us to put a fixed
number in terms of the market share, but
uh let's just say it will be very
certain or highly certain that the
market software will evolve into a
multiplayer market.
>> Ellie, it's great to have you Ellie Jang
there, head of Asia Internet and
Software Research at Mccori Capital,
speaking from their conference there
today. Uh we have some lines here when
it comes to Huawei. So according to a
report from the scitec innovation board
daily, so they're talking about the
company launching an Ascend 950 PR chips
in the first quarter of next year. So
they're announcing this plan for new AI
chips through to 2028.
Uh this has been reported at the Huawei
Connect conference here from the
rotating chairman there. So that's the
latest that we have from there uh with
Huawei and new chips. So more on the
whole chip space, Dave. Yeah, almost
every day there's a piece of news coming
through here. Coming up here on shows,
uh, a big interview in the next hour.
So, we talked about chit.com and some of
the potential regulatory hurdles. That's
question mark that they're facing right
now out of market regulators in Jung
over alleged unfair practices. Jane Sun,
the CEO, joins, show us later at those
times on your screen. So, that's in
about give or take 30 minutes from now.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some of the stories that we're tracking
for you today. Tesla says it's working
on its redesign of its door handles
following a Bloomberg investigation that
uncovered incidents of people getting
trapped in their vehicles. The firm's
design chief told us Tesla is looking to
combine the electronic and manual door
release mechanisms, which are currently
located separately. Earlier this week,
the US auto safety regulator opened an
investigation into whether some Tesla
doors are defective.
Disney's ABC network is taking Jimmy
Kimmel Live off the air immediately
after a backlash over the late night
host's comments about the killing of
Republican activist Charlie Kirk. On
Monday, Kimell suggested in his
monologue that the man charged with
Kirk's killing was a Trump supporter. A
major owner of ABC TV affiliates
NextStar Media had called Kimell's
remarks offensive and insensitive.
>> Now, President Trump has begun his UK
visit with a lavish state dinner hosted
by King Charles and attended by the CEOs
of Apple City, uh, Nvidia, Blackstone,
uh, were all there. But the real
business actually begins later Thursday
when the president meets the prime
minister Kirst. Our colleague Anmir
Hordern reports out of Windsor Castle.
>> It was a day fit for a king. President
Donald Trump got the royal treatment in
Windsor. The British royal family went
above and beyond, even making little
moments incredibly personal to the
president, including a 1912 Kgnac at the
state banquet representing the birthy
year of his Scottishborn mother. The
president during his remarks during the
toast wanted to emphasize the special
relationship between the United States
and the UK.
>> The word special does not begin to do it
justice. We're like two notes in one
chord or two verses of the same poem.
>> But that special relationship may get
tense at the prime minister's country
estate in checkers. Kier Stmer and
President Trump will have a bilateral
meeting. potentially the topics to be
discussed, economic ties, the trade
deal, the war in Gaza, the war in
Ukraine, and potentially an awkward
moment when it comes to the recently
ousted British ambassador to the US
given his close ties to Jeffrey Epstein.
Amry Hardurn, Bloomberg News, Windsor.
>> And our subscribers can turn to your
terminal for more on this. Tigo is
effectively the platform you run and you
get into this of course ahead of the
Thursday where the real business begins
commentary context and analysis going
into this big event coming through later
today. It also just so happens of course
there's a bank of England rate decision
to also contend with when you look at
that plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg
[Music]
Our
Indonesian Asian markets are doing this
here right now. So uh we are seeing
slight gains in the equity markets some
weakness in the currency here today
because it was interesting right that
surprise cut from bank Indonesia here on
Wednesday which really kind of took the
market off guard there but signaling
this kind of all-in push to growth now
and really kind of sidelining the rupia
and the vulnerabilities behind that here
as well. So certainly that's one thing
to watch and the bank sector a mixed
picture here right now on the back of
that surprise move. Yeah, fairly big
constituent and of course waiting there
as far as the the the the benchmark is
concerned. Certainly the move as Ivon is
pointing out maybe is meant to galvanize
growth following the recent cost of
living protests of course have been
really front and center as far as the
Indonesian story is concerned there. Uh
let's bring in Ramsey Alicabi of course
who leads our Southeast Asia economics
and government coverage joining us right
now to help us understand it. Ramsey. So
clearly
might be fair to say that the economic
case for a cut wasn't as clear-cut given
how most economists did not see this
coming. But the the bigger context is is
what here Ramsey.
>> Hey guys, good morning. Uh I think the
bigger context is is ProO presidento's
uh influence and uh extending his grip
uh on power across the levers of
government. Now, the Bank of Indonesia
uh already has a mandate to sort of work
with the government, the finance
industry ministry to to uh to sustain
growth. But what we saw yesterday uh as
you mentioned was a surprise cut, the
second surprise cut in a row uh of their
interest rates. And the uh central bank
governor uh leaned in very heavily to
what I believe he called the uh allout
progrowth strategy to uh drive GDP
higher. Uh and keep in mind that comes
after uh a week ago uh president uh PBO
um dismissed the finance minister uh and
brought in someone who also believes in
an aggressive uh effort to uh push
growth. Uh and as you mentioned amid
those that anger uh public anger um and
the the hope to basically uh drive the
economy higher um and bring in uh higher
revenues and to use that money for
propose major uh food and housing and
health programs for for the population
>> and yeah so it is a tilt towards growth
here Ramsey um you know what does this
mean for the the currency? It seems like
they they're sidelining the currency in
some ways and and the rupee already one
of the worst performing currencies in
Asia this month.
>> That's right. Uh do keep in mind that
the the central bank did say that they
will keep an eye on on on currency
stability. Uh they see inflation uh
fairly low which I think they see gives
them room uh for these cuts. But you're
right, it is one of the worst uh worst
performers uh in Asia. uh it is in
though we see many many rising because
of the the weakening uh dollar. Um but I
wouldn't I I don't think they've gone so
far as to say they're not concerned so
much about the currency. Uh they do keep
one eye on it. Uh they have intervened
recently during the protests and other
uh disruptions including Indraati's uh
dismissal. So they're definitely uh
watching it. They're they're trying to
they intervene to keep it stabilized.
But as as the uh as you mentioned and as
the central bank has really made clear
that it's uh it's all growth uh almost
all the time now for those guys.
>> Ramsey fantastic. Thank you so much sir.
Uh Ramsey Albri there who leads our
Southeast Asia government and economics
coverage. Uh before we just wrap the
show up just a glance at some of the big
movers across these markets. We'll just
pivot away from China just for a second
here to look at Samsung of course and
another massive gain here on the stock
2.3%
uh and the news here 60,000 new staff of
course that's over the next five
speaking of just the whole growth
conversation we've had here uh in the
last few minutes or so staying on stay
in chips and tech but we're pivoting
back to China and some of the upgrades
coming through here on Goldman and Huah
Hong and the chip rally continuing there
were up 11 and a half% % on Huahong
semi-upgraded there as we were pointing
out at Goldman based on I guess some of
the business dynamics on pricing
dynamics as far as that one uh is
concerned. Okay. Uh one stock that has
been very much uh in focus this week has
been we see Alibaba but BU has now taken
I think in some extent much of that
spotlight and why not following uh 20%
at one point yesterday and another 5%
today.
>> Yeah it's nuts. Uh but McCrory's Ellie
John did tell us right it it all depends
on whether they can stabilize the
slowing of what they're seeing in the ad
business right and and the search in the
so that certainly still is the core I
think the concern but certainly this
they're they're still needing some more
you know clarity and and maybe details
of this whole Kland chip as well
according to her that's why she remains
neutral on the stock for now
>> yeah there we go and of course PopMart
Morgan Sally coming out with a note here
fairly encouraging one here on the
>> boo there's supply and it shouldn't be
seen as a sign of weak demand But more
IP visibility and more chance for more
people to get their hands on some Laboos
than like
>> yeah more cute stuff hanging from your
hand
>> expand the customer base. Yes. Introduce
more people to buy.
>> All right, that's it from us. We will
see you all tomorrow as this rally has
now somewhat peted out and the hangs
though is still up for a fifth straight
day.
[Music]